IF YOU SEE THIS, THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT COMPLETE

SS12 CSUN11 Judges Read Me
= Document Purpose =
This is an Unofficial introduction to the Accessible Flashcards

project by team CSUN. The purpose of this document is to give a 

brief introduction and overview of our project submission to

SS12. In this document you will find the description, requirements,

accomplishments, technologies used, and a high level mapping of the

source files checked into SVN. This is an attempt to help judges

understand our project and to provide a simplified overview of the

source files checked into SVN.

*This document does not contain official project documentation nor*

*future project maintainability plans. Explanation of components and*

*innovative ideas are also not explained. All of this will be covered*

*and presented at the SS12 Finals.*



= Project Description =

Flashcards are incredibly useful study aids. For persons with cognitive 

and/or learning disabilities flashcards are practically a necessity. 

Some digital flash card solutions exist, but are platform specific and
 
have limited capabilities. 

A web-based flashcard solution could be 

accessible on multiple platforms and could support math and other 

complex equations. This would be quite beneficial to a person with a 

cognitive or learning disability. For example a user could create a set 

of flashcards of mathematic equations conveniently on their computer. 

The user can then access and edit the flash cards from their mobile 

device, eliminating the need for physical cards.

= Project Requirements=

1. Create, modify, and delete flashcards

2. Edit front and back of flashcards

3. Support standard text and math equations

4. Make as web app that is compatible with mobile devices.

5. Be accessible to assistive technology

a. Time permitting, make self-voicing (text-to-speech)

Suggested Technology

1. MathML

2. CSS

Add your content here.


= Project Accomplishments =
*Met all Requirements:*

1. Create, modify, and delete flashcards

2. Edit front and back of flashcards

3. Support standard text and math equations

4. Make as web app that is compatible with mobile devices

5. Be accessible to assistive technology

6 .Text to Speech for text


*Beyond Requirements:*

7. Mathematical equations to speech

8. Created Android Application to interface with website, designed 
   WAI in mind, but setting our own standards for accessibility
  Website accessible to the blind including math equations

= Technologies & Principles used =
*All technologies are open source*

Festival Speech Synthesis System 

FreeBSD, Ubuntu, PHP, Apache, MySQL

Android SDK, Java

Subversion

LaTeX

Mimetex - A LaTeX to Image Converter

Web Content Accessibility (WCA)